I've made a presentation. but I'll open it on the Smartboard, so we can all see it. Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting. So I'm the Project Manager,. And an a nice agenda. we'll do the opening. and then we'll meet each other,. I'll I'll show you the the tools we have here, so that we can all use them. We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project,. and then we'll close the meeting,. and then we can individually do our things. and then we'll get back here. We have to design a new television remote control. we want it to be original,. so a nice a nice new design. trendy, it's also for young people,. and we have to just make it modern. so size does matter. And Well it has to be a have the the right the right buttons on the right place, that kin those kind of things. There happen to be three stages. functional, conceptual, and detailed design. so every time we we'll do some individual work, get meeting, talk about it, and then go into the next phase. We have these two Smartboards. well as I just showed, there's a project management folder, a project document folder on the desktop. It just works exactly the same as a computer. You just click on the on the folder and you open the everything you you put in it with your laptop. and the the the rest also works the same so when you open a notepad you you just get your things,. This is a well a drawing board. you have a these different functions on the board. So you have a a nice pen,. and it's works just like a bal ball pen. Of course doesn't work any more. We can well you can save a file. So if we draw we have to save everything. just we can start a new one, and we just go on, and don't throw anything away. you can here select a pen,. It's a bit childish you have to write. It's not as fast as you you know it,. but it does work sometimes. We going to try it. So we all are going to draw a nice animal on this board,
Alright, your favourite animal?
I'm just going to well draw a nice beast
I hope this was part of the assignment and not your personal enjoyment.
We're kinda losing time, though.
Ah the first the first meeting is just a bit loose, loosen up, a bit meeting each other
It's a hedgehog.
And now our Industrial Designer can draw its most favourite animal.
It's a rabbit.
Save it and start a new
These are very important documents, of course, these drawings,
Yeah well we have to save everything. There's also different colours. and different well pen widths the line the the thickness thickness.
It's just a bird.
You choose a new colour. And a new pen width also format. It's a cat. Well then the serious stuff. We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally. so but we dunno what exactly th i it is in dollars, but twenty five Euros. Our profit aim is, worldwide, fifty million Euros. So I didn't exactly calculate how much we have to sell. we want to keep it our costs at twelve and a half Euros. so, keep that in mind when we talk about our materials an and stuff, and marketing research. Now then we all we can sit down and discuss what do we think about our current remote controls,. first about design about aim in the market etcetera? Well who has some remarks about the current remote controls?
Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about. it's not, it's it's not my task to talk about experience with current remote controls,
Well just we're four if we if we would just have one then
I think it's im it's important to look at the remote controls of our competitors. Get the good points. try to merge them into one universal remote control. On our corporate site I saw a new DVD player we're gonna produce. Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the DVD player. Furthermore it's important to make it acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures, maybe,. because we want to we want to well fifty million?
No but the the buttons have to have to have international recognisable buttons and. and numbers and that every culture in, yeah, people in every country can recognise.
I also think we should not add too many buttons. Modern day remotes have too much buttons I think.
Y you don't use the half of them that's that's
Maybe we could make one button to switch between DVD player and TV. and make the other buttons multi-functional or something.
So it doesn't become too complicated with too much buttons and
And maybe we do we even have more than just a DVD player.
We should make it compatible perhaps with everything we use, we we make?
And stereo audio installations.
And I think the people who who will buy our remote already have some experience with remotes.
Because we look at competitors. and if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design
It has to be different and familiar at the same time.
We could use another form or shape or colour, that kind of things.
I thought about like most remote controls are a long box shaped thing. you can make it triangle shaped,. but that's not very recognisable.
Well we we could make more more oval or something, and and
N we can use it as a as a game pad. So one hand has the beer, so the other hand
But young people want something different
Yeah but it's quite important that it fits.
One of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so. Well there has been done a lot of researches about remotes we have to we can imagine
So the long box shaped thing must be, yeah, useful
For me personally I have a a lot of remotes at home. but those ones that have a a round ending and well just an square middle I don't like to use them. When it falls over it and I just have and then the button that I use most has to be here.
It shouldn't be boxy. I don't agree with the long box shape
But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this,. and you can make it another shape,
No if if you look at new Phillips DVD with their remotes pl players they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped.
No that's ol old fashioned.
Well most of of them are are somewhat thicker at the end,. and get yeah thinner towards the the other end.
But then with some round round forms in it to fit your hand,
A it it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand.
It shouldn't be too boxy, you know.
But no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square. but a also with round edges of course,. but in in in at the end it's still this long box shape with convenient round shapes to fit. A big recognisable button on top or something. The buttons should also be not too small, not too big, of course,. and not too close together.
But it should be possible to to make it ap apparent that there are two functions for every button.
Yeah of course to to to have icons to explain the different functions.
And maybe we should use colours.
Yeah maybe we can just like on cell phones those well you can you can put on on them,. and so you can customise your your own remote with different colours or or special paint jobs
That's kinda trendy.
Sound nice. Yes.
I think we have to talk also about the the materials for
Well it's just about our first ideas now. so I think individually we'll have to come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera.
I think it's it's important to notate all the the decisions that we make,
You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so it's logical. I think. So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is over.
Yeah now we can still talk about the material,. I wrote down that the case should be plastic of course, hard plastic,. the buttons should be rubbery I think.
Yeah it shouldn't be too heavy.
Well I have had remotes that they had the function of the buttons was about a layer over the buttons. Is there an a universal universal way of transmitting from the remote to the television
Infrared beams an infrared beam I think. It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with all kinds of brands and things. The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly,
Are we going with the front fronts idea?
Well I think we can look into that in the in the next thirty minutes.
And you can always use a front front on it, you know? You can use it just plain. but you can To make it more trendy.
And we should dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so
Well you can make profit with them,. and it's a way to make them trendy.
Well but th but the standard front will be just grey or something
Yeah well it has to it it has to fit the the te television and DVD set we are going to sell,. so if they are black and black black and silver we'll make them black and silver so
But people of often don't like bright colours or something. We have to make it grey or or black.
But that's marketing research you can you can ask. Well our user interface you can maybe I don't know what your specific instructions will be, but probably about the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the remote. And you will look into the technical design and form, I think. Finish meeting now. Well we're going to back back into our rooms so
Next meeting is in
In thirty minutes,